this is ubc it's the best university in
western canada
and you know what this campus has the
largest
nude beach in all of canada yeah you
heard me right
nude beach we will check that out at the
end of this video
let's go this is the main entrance of
ubc and as soon as you enter you're
greeted by the giant totem pole
because ubc is built on first nations
land
this is the ubc nest well why is it
called a nest
because our school mascot is called the
thunderbird and this
is home to the thunderbirds this
building is really cute because there's
a nest
inside a nest look at that that's the
middle of the bird's nest that's a
mother-ness
and this is where all the students hang
out we have
clubs here we have study spaces here and
this is where
the most of the restaurants are they
design this
building specifically with communication
and student interaction in mind and
that's why i love about it
when i first came to ubc they actually
didn't have this building
they only built this in the second year
i was here so
every year ubc is always building new
things and you come back to a new campus
every single year food at ubc is
expensive
this is the ubc bookstore it's where you
can buy your books
and your ubc merch according to youtube
99 of you are not subscribed so if you
like this campus crawl video hit that
subscribe button for me
and let's go on with the rest of the
tour we are now walking on main mall
this
is the dead center of ubc and it splits
the campus in half
on both sides of me are raywood ash
trees every
fall ubc gets thousands of visitors
across the world
just to look at these foliage chances
are if you've been to ubc
you've walked along the main mall
got it catch
us it was a win it was a win
so how's it like being back on campus so
far it's it's awesome bbc is such a
beautiful campus you can see
it meets the sky the land there's so
much green everywhere and if you just
look down main mall you can see
there's so much diversity here yeah i
love it it's like a melting pot of
cultures here at ubc it's just so
diverse
this is buchanan the arts building this
is a chemistry building
this is the earth and ocean sciences
building this
is the henry angus building aka ubc
saudi school of business
this is where i used to call home
because i study marketing here
and you know i was told during
orientation day
that these stained glass panels
are shaped like barcodes but i think
that might have been just a fat lie they
told us to believe to make the building
seem cooler than it actually is
i don't know you tell me does it look
like barcodes
calm down below what made you choose ubc
it's the best on the west
nice rhyme there i like it so this is
one of the coolest things
on campus if you stand up here
stand in the middle of this it becomes
like a little echo chamber i don't know
if you can hear on
camera but when you speak here it's kind
of like you have a microphone it sounds
exactly like that and you step
out of the center it's normal again
stepping to the center
and it's like an echo chamber can you
hear that on camera
this is really cool what they do is they
always bring the first-year students
here and make them yell
and recently i've been taking singing
lessons so i'm going to practice
a little vocal here
there's like people staring thinking i'm
crazy
as i said ubc is always under
construction so let's start a
construction
counter this is number one construction
site number two
this is a coordinate library and as you
may have noticed
it's shaped like an open book just like
the exams
for your online classes but don't tell
your teachers
so behind me is the main library on
campus the ikb
library it's the most beautiful one
inside there's like a harry potter room
there's a portrait of
santa ono our president but right now
it's reservation entry only and you can
only register as a
student i'm on alumni so i can't get in
ubc is taking covet really really
strictly
and i guess that's good on them for that
this is a new ubc bus
loop buses here are really convenient
because you can get to
literally anywhere with the public
transit in vancouver
construction three construction number
four see i'm not just
memeing literally ubc is always under
construction
construction number five this right here
is the ubc fountain and if you ever get
lost this is a great
way finding point because you can always
say meet me at the fountain because the
fountain
is at the dead center of ubc over there
are the engineering classes
over there are the arts and business
classes ubc added this row
of restaurants last year so now there's
more food
options at ubc which is really good
because before
all the food sucked and it was expensive
now
at least they taste good even if it's
expensive right now we're outside of the
nest and this is a new
area it's new grass field and right
behind me is the focal
residence this is the most convenient
residence
on campus this is the ponderosa dorm
this behind me is orchard commons the
nicest
ubc freshman dorm because every single
one of these buildings
at the very top floors have an ocean
view
if you have that in downtown vancouver
it will literally cost you
a million to two million dollars to buy
an apartment like this
you guys live in orchard one of the
nicest first-year dorms
i'm i'm in braeburn so the 12th floor do
you have an ocean view
i do yeah i can see the ocean it's
really nice how
is your dorm in orchard it's great i'm
on ninth floor it's have a
nice like sunset view every night sunset
view
i know i take a video like every day and
i'll never get over it
it's amazing this is a biodiversity
museum with
a dead whale inside this right here is
the engineering sign it's cool because
there's a student tradition
of painting this whole entire sign in
different colors
in order to promote student events or
certain
world events are happening for example
like black lives matters
the climate during the climate emergency
that was being painted on that
and it's just kind of like a public
mural that's on campus so today we're
gonna do a little promotion too
i'm gonna put this campus crawl sticker
right
in the center let's see where should we
put this
uh probably right here that looks good
yeah look at that uh you can see
all the debris from previous paint jobs
right it's probably covered in like
hundreds of layers of paint by this
point
campus grow baby and as we reach around
here
this is a west end of ubc campus
the famous ubc rose garden let's go
check it out
the rose garden is special because it's
the prettiest spot
on campus and it leads you to the nude
beach which we'll check out at the end
[Music]
how's it going good
isn't it scary sitting up here no no
no you're not scared of heights
i kind of am but you gotta do it for the
video what is your favorite part about
ubc
um honestly this spot what do you like
about this spot
i don't know it's just so peaceful you
can like see everything you can see the
ocean
it's just nice vibes all right so behind
me right there is van your dorms at ubc
and
right behind me here is the infamous
nude beach it's called wreck beach and
it's the largest
nude beach in all of canada right
outside
of ubc let's go down 500 steps down
to the wreck beach and then 500 steps up
this is the worst part let's participate
in the nudist culture here all right
every 100 steps
i'll take one piece of clothing off and
by the end
we'll see what i'm left with and that's
what i'll go to the beach with
let's go one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten
come on let's go i mean like this is
just amazing right outside of your
university
is a huge beach and a huge forest you
can go to any time
outside of your classes i mean where
else are you going to get that only in
canada because all we have is trees we
don't have people 94 95 96 97 98
nine one hundred all right
first piece of clothing ah gotcha let's
keep going
all right two hundred watch is coming
off
i don't have any jewelry left so next
one we'll see what's coming off
all right 300
got a belt
we're getting dangerously close let's
keep going
all right 400 right here
i can see the beach but uh what do you
say
shoes shoes i got shoes you know i'll
count my shoes and socks as once
man what am i gonna take off next i
don't have anything left
499 500.
all right guys this is a pivotal moment
right here
gotta make a decision
[Music]
pants or shirt
hmm shirt shirt
yeah all right all right let's do this
shirt
please don't demonetize me this is a
family friendly channel
we have kid-friendly content
as soon as you come down the stairs of
wreck beach it's a completely different
world it's not like you're not in
university anymore
you have entered the adult world
walking from the stairs to over here
i probably saw like 20 dicks
uh 10 pairs of boobs
mostly old men
yeah it's great it's great
um obviously i can't film on the beach
because
demonetization and privacy issues so
we're here we're being respectful all
right we're being respectful of the
wreck beach culture this beach is
definitely a place you need to check out
because
throughout the semester a lot of
students have bonfires
on the beach at night so it's like a
really nice
chill vibe listen to the waves and cook
some sausages burn some marshmallows
and chat with your friends that's a nice
vibe right there
uh maybe show them your dick too who
knows
little show and tell for you be prepared
when you come down here
don't say i didn't warn you bring
sunglasses too maybe because uh
you don't want to be caught staring at
those dangling
subscribe because you're not going to
see this on any other collar channel or
the official
ubc website all right only on campus
crawl
only with half of go now we're here at
the nest again
so if you want to see my first day at
ubc
go watch my vlog on my main channel half
ago right here you can click the video
right here
subscribe do it turn on notifications
too